Characters, actions, occupations and events in this series are fictional and created for entertainment purposes only.
They are not intended to urge or promote any behavior in the series.
Viewer discretion is advised.
Joob suddenly passed.
Joob always said nothing in life was certain.
Whatever I want to do, do it now.
But now
there’s one thing I want to do the most.
Can I hug you to sleep all night tonight?
Good night.
Guys,
my condolences for Joob’s passing.
You guys seemed so close.
Right.
Actually, you don’t need to come to the meeting.
You guys can take a break.
That’s alright.
We’re okay.
Are you sure?
Who’s that?
I got you guys someone to help write the screenplay.
Someone with new perspectives.
It should help.
I’ll get the door.
Guys,
this is Pang, my older friend.
She’s a yoga instructor and an acting coach.
Hello, beautiful.
Hi, everyone.
Pang is going to help us with the screenplay.
Let’s start from mine.
The story of a group of four friends.
They go to a bachelor party.
They get wasted and lose the groom-to-be.
The rest of them must find where the groom is.
Hold on.
That’s a romantic movie?
It’s a comedy.
Here.
Listen to mine.
I want to make an indie movie.
Don’t follow any movie rules.
It’s about the day before the apocalypse.
The male lead breaks up with the female lead the day before the apocalypse.
He tells her they should separate and do whatever they want before they die.
So deep.
My turn now.
It’s about a guy who falls in love with a girl but he is sent to work on the moon.
So it’s love between two planets.
They get to video call only once a month.
Clearly.
Exactly like the last movie we made.
What are we gonna do?
A comedy.
Make the audience laugh along with the characters’ love.
Love isn’t something funny.
And I hate to see people laugh at my love story.
How about a romantic-not-comedy movie?
Up’s a sense of humor,
Aou’s outside-the-box thinking,
Tun’s romance,
and Talay’s seriousness mixed together.
They create a romantic but not comedy movie.
The love story that seems funny but actually not.
Yes! This is cool.
Let’s go with this concept.
‘Romantic Not Comedy.’
Hey! Come on.
Friend Credits.
Why did you include Pang without consulting me?
I think our script should be more mellow if there’s a girl on the team.
That’s really it?
The truth is
I’m afraid you’d die.
Anything that helps you go back as soon as possible,
I’ll do it.
What do you mean?
Well, you said
Pang is special to you.
I think she might be your portkey.
And you?
Aren’t you going back too?
I will keep looking for my portkey.
Hasn’t it ever occurred to you that I’m your portkey?
If you are,
we’d be back by now.
I’m done washing the dishes.
I’ll go back to the meeting.
I think we should call it a day.
Our idea has begun to form.
I’ll share with you guys the summary.
All right, guys.
I’m going to go home and watch a movie.
Motivating myself.
I’m tired.
Pang.
Hm.
May I have a word with you?
I need to consult you about something.
Absolutely.
Should we take it outside? It’s pretty packed here.
Okay.
Do you think there’s something going on between Tun and Pang?
Tess.
Do you know anything?
It’s nothing.
Pang is simply nice.
Come on. Get your stuff.
There.
Sleeping in.
Will you wake him up for me?
Of course.
Tun, it’s late.
Tun, wake up.
Not getting up, are you?
Get up, Tun.
I’m up.
Hey.
This is my t-shirt.
I don’t remember you borrowing it.
Don’t be such a hog.
I sleep so well wearing it.
When the smell is gone, I’ll return it to you.
Wait. What smell?
Well, it smells nice.
The scent of you.
It’s Tess’s perfume.
Or maybe…
it’s not the scent.
It’s because I got to hug you all night that night.
That’s what makes me sleep so well.
I’m gonna keep on sleeping.
Get up and take a shower.
Give me back my tee.
Go.
No.
I’ll take it.
That’s Tess’s.
Take it off.
Hey!
What are you doing? No.
Will you take it off or not?
Take it off.
That’s it.
Fine. I won’t take the tee.
But can you do that again?
I like it.
Nonsense.
Get up and clean yourself.
Come on.
You took my tee off.
You give me a shower.
Ouch!
I can choke to death here.
You said you didn’t want me to die yesterday.
Sit still.
How is it going with Pang?
Do you feel anything?
Not at all.
Hey, don’t be disheartened.
Try a little harder.
You can go home quickly.
You always shoo me away.
If I go back first, you’re going to miss me so badly.
No way.
Because I’m finding my own portkey too.
I will not let you go back alone.
How is it?
I think it’s good.
Just a small comment on the ending scene.
The dialogue is a little too plain.
I can’t make it better.
My brain isn’t functioning.
Hey.
Should we go out and refuel ourselves?
Wanna catch a movie?
A new romantic film just hit the cinema.
Let’s do it. How about this evening?
I can’t wait.
Let’s go.
I’m paying.
Pang, wanna join us?
I’ve got something to do this evening.
Maybe next time.
I won’t miss it.
How sad.
I know what you’re thinking.
Hey, you’re home.
Should we go drink tonight?
I’ve already got plans.
What?
Who are you meeting?
The screenwriting team.
Are you sure?
What are you doing anyway?
Sniffing like a dog.
It’s like you’re preparing for a date.
A date, my ass.
The whole group is going.
Are you wearing perfume for everyone on the planet?
Talking too much.
I’m talking too much?
May I redeem my points for a discount?
Hello.
(Where are you? We’re at the cinema.)
(Hurry up.)
Wow!
I don’t even have to turn around.
Tess,
you want people on different planets to scent your perfume or what?
Super strong.
It’s a movie night with friends. Why dressed up?
Yeah?
This is normal.
Maybe I put on so much.
So much.
And where is Tun?
He called and said he needed to bail last minute.
He’s got something to do with Pang.
Why did he tell us earlier?
This asshole.
He left his friends. Everyone is here but him.
He has his reasons.
And you’re defending him.
It’s all good.
We can enjoy it just the three of us.
Let’s go get the tickets.
Yeah.
Remember? You’re paying.
Let’s go.
If your friend does something that makes you feel bad,
what will you do?
Then you must live with it.
Because the friend you mentioned must be more than just a friend.
The movie nearly ends.
You’ve still got lots of popped rice left.
Yes, it’s a lot.
Who can finish all this?
Up and Aou.
You’re not so much different.
That’s why I like watching movies with you only.
I eat a lot but you don’t.
Perfect balance.
So you asked me to a movie because I don’t eat a lot?
That’s all?
No.
I just wanted to see a movie with you, alone.
That’s all.
Hey!
What’s wrong? Why looking so dull?
Sorry.
I didn’t see you.
Why are you apologizing?
This is your place.
So what’s wrong?
I don’t know.
I feel weird somehow.
You’re not feeling weird.
You’re feeling down.
Who did anything to you?
If your friend does something that makes you feel bad,
what will you do?
Tell him to stop doing it.
I can’t.
I was the one telling him to do it.
And it’s something he should do.
Then you must live with it.
It’s the first time only and I could barely take it.
I don’t know how many more times I have to take it.
Two times?
No.
I’m telling you to keep fighting.
Because the friend you mentioned must be more than just a friend.
Bastard.
Don’t be a smart ass.
And this is 20.
But I think you can only take it two more times.
I guess that’s all the patience I have.
If that’s all you have, that’s all you have.
Well, I’m going to bed.
Hey!
What do you mean by going to bed?
You won’t get any sleep.
Let’s go make use of the bar.
Come on.
Let’s do it.
I’ll keep you company tonight.
Bottoms up.
Two more.
Wait for me.
[Tun]
Hello.
What’s up?
(Is everything okay?)
(I’d been calling but you didn’t answer.)
Just a little sick.
I’m fine.
(Are you all right?)
(Shouldn’t you go see a doctor?)
No.
I’m just…
(Hold on one sec. Pang is calling.)
(Let me call you back.)
One sec, my freaking ass!
I’ve been waiting for half an hour.
You came to see me?
Yes, I did.
You were so drunk last night.
I brought you congee.
(Sorry I didn’t call you back.)
(I’ll see you later at my house.)
(I got caught up in something.)
Let me guess.
The third time you have to take it, right?
No.
This is only the second time.
I’m almost knocked off my feet.
I hope the third doesn’t come.
Come on. Let’s eat congee.
It’s getting cold.
I’ll prepare it for you.
They’re not here yet?
I’m right here.
Are you feeling better?
I was so worried.
I’m better.
Just a bit of a headache left.
You’re sick so I…
You what?
Ta-da!
A welcome back meal.
Wow!
Looks yummy.
But why did you give me so much bacon?
You keep saying you hate pink so I gave you a lot.
It’s your prank?
Sorry.
This bacon pink is the pink that I love.
You can’t prank me.
So?
Delish!
Of course.
It isn’t just usual carbonara.
But it’s…
carbo-narak (cute).
What the heck?
I almost choked on it.
Cute or not?
Yes, Mr. All-rounder.
Is there anything you can’t do?
One thing I’m not good at is love.
It’s because I can do everything else.
I don’t get it.
People think I’m perfect.
I can take care of myself.
So nobody takes care of me.
Actually,
I’m just a man who can be weak and needs care.
There, there.
Poor guy.
People should know the real you is a crybaby.
Right.
Not many people see this side of me.
You’re one of them.
Damn!
I’m wanting to know now who you really are.
A perfect actor who is actually pouty like a kitten.
I’m just me.
By the way,
Aou finished editing the dialogue in the ending scene.
We’ll be presenting it to my dad next Monday.
Will your dad be okay with it?
I’m scared.
Don’t be scared, kitten.
I’m sure we breeze through this time.
This is only a synopsis.
Did you see Tess’s dad’s eyes?
They were shining bright.
What if we send him the full screenplay?
Will he even cry?
Next time, I’ll prepare him some facial tissue.
I overheard him compliment our idea to his employees.
Since the result can’t be a surprise, should we go celebrate?
Get out of town.
Good idea.
We’ve got an RV after all.
What do you say, boss Tun?
Let’s do it.
Changing the atmosphere.
Cool.
Let’s do it.
When?
Right now.
Let’s go.
Right now!
Come on.
Take the wheel, Up.
They say, write down 3 wishes that you want to happen this year.
This time,
I can kiss you, can’t I?
Up!!
I told you.
Don’t let me get my hands dirty.
Damn!
I want to play mobile games too.
Why do I need to be the first driver?
Stop complaining.
I will take the wheel after you.
Here.
What?
Fried chicken.
I can’t.
I’m driving.
Come on. Eat something.
You haven't eaten all day.
Fine.
No sauce.
Why not?
You never eat it with the sauce.
Don’t you know eating with the sauce is an insult to the one who cooks the fried chicken?
Don't you think eating without the sauce is disrespectful to the one who invented it?
Some things are just meant to be together.
If one is missing, the other will be so sad.
Right?
Are we still talking about the chicken?
No.
I’m talking about the fried chicken and the sauce.
Fine. I surrender.
Give it to me.
Here.
Oh!
It’s good.
I told you they’re meant to be together.
One more bite.
Hey.
Why did you take turns so soon?
We haven’t even reached halfway yet.
I know you like to watch the sunset.
So I’m going fast to get to the camp before that.
Why do you like to watch the sunset?
No idea.
I think…
no matter how bad the day is
there’s always a beautiful moment at the end of it.
♪ Is it you who will turn my world upside down ♪
♪ Is it you who I’ve been searching for a long time ♪
♪ Have I found, have I found ♪
♪ Someone who’s ready to take my hand and walk with me ♪
♪ Is it you who will not make me cry ♪
♪ Who will change nightmare into everlasting bright blue sky ♪
♪ Please say you will never leave my side ♪
Up, are you alright?
Damn you, Tun.
Why did you drive so fast?
Let me help.
Don’t pat me or it will come out.
I almost died.
Hey. Try this.
Use it. It helps.
Wow.
I’m feeling better.
I can now go on for a while.
Thanks.
Hey!
What a stunning view.
It’s worth the carsick.
Aou, let’s go see it.
Let’s go.
It’s so tiring to drive to see this view.
Here.
Better?
Hey! Wait for me.
Guys, shooting stars.
They said it’d happen all night.
I read this trick on the internet.
They say, write down 3 wishes that you want to happen this year
and hang them on the tree.
The wish that already came true, you can take it down.
Why are you smiling?
Hey!
Don't be nosy.
Fine.
Mr. Secretive.
Keep your secrets to your grave.
What about you?
What are your wishes?
Don’t be nosy.
Asshole.
You’re really getting on my nerves.
It’s easy to guess though.
You wish to see your portkey soon.
Right?
You just know it all.
What’s your second wish?
I wish the Romantic Not Comedy project success.
But I can’t think of the last one right now.
I will come again when I know it.
You have only one wish?
Of course.
I just want to focus on one wish.
So that it comes true very soon.
Sadhu.
Right.
Sadhu!
Cheers!
Cheers again?
All right.
Tess, we need music.
Wrong lyric!
Don’t hurt him.
Sing it again.
You just grabbed my drink.
Hey!
I love you guys.
Let me hug you.
I’m so proud.
Up.
Damn it.
I need to carry you to bed again.
Get up.
Normally, those two will not stop fighting.
But they love each other so much when they’re drunk.
Do you get along well with them now?
So well.
We just click.
How is it going with you, Fuse and Kita?
Chaotic.
But they are both nice.
It’s not like the only thing they do is cause trouble.
And…
us?
Do we get along well?
I don’t know.
What?
We’ve known each other for a year now.
How do I explain this?
Well,
I like it when I’m with you.
When we’re apart,
I’m so lonely.
But when we’re back together,
you got me frustrated.
Yeah.
I like it so much when you’re frustrated.
More importantly,
I like it so much when you sing.
Can you sing for me again?
I want to hear it.
No.
I’ve been singing all day.
Your turn now.
Which song?
Any song. I like it all.
Let’s go with the one you sang on the way here.
It’s nice.
Wrong chord.
What? It is right.
No.
Different chord.
Strum again.
Here. Let me teach you.
Here.
And here.
Now play it.
Again.
That’s right.
This time,
I can kiss you, can’t I?
What if it reaches 3 times
and I can still take more?
If that friend of yours makes you feel that uneasy,
I think you should back off.
Are you asking me or asking yourself?
What about finding the portkey?
Good.
If you ask me,
I think Tun is your portkey.
We don’t have a meeting today.
Why don’t you come inside?
I…
I think I’ll withdraw from Friend Credits.
Huh?
Why?
If it’s about last night--
These days…
I’ve been spending all my time working on our screenplay.
If I’m still on the team,
I won’t have time to find my portkey.
No, Talay.
What about our movie?
You guys are great.
Besides, you have Pang to help you.
She should be able to help with the screenplay
and take you back home.
Are you really leaving me?
Leaving Up and Aou?
Leaving our movie?
You’re the one who is leaving me.
If Pang happens to be your portkey,
I don’t want to be left alone here.
I’ve thought it through.
About the movie,
you can always give me a call.
So I really have to let you go?
It’s time we split up and find our way home.
This is the latest draft from my team.
I’d like you to read it first.
But if you have any comments, please contact Tun directly.
Why?
Because I withdrew from this project.
Good then.
Because I was about to tell you that our company
will not do the “Romantic Not Comedy” project anymore.
Why not?
Please read this draft first.
I think they’ve improved a lot.
I get you.
But the board doesn’t trust you guys.
They’re afraid it’d be a failure like the last time.
I can’t help you.
Thanks for sharing the stories.
Let’s take a 15-minute break.
How are you holding up, Dol?
Are you okay?
I’ve been better.
How are you?
You just went on a trip with Tun, didn’t you?
Good.
Unforgettable memory.
What about finding the portkey?
Is it clear now that it’s Tun?
What?
Must be some misunderstanding here.
You guys just went on a trip together.
I thought it was a honeymoon trip.
You just wait for the sign that says you guys truly match.
Ding!
Go home.
No.
Tun is Pang’s portkey.
No way.
Pang keeps coming to meet new people here.
She is just next door.
What happened?
You and Tun seem to be each other’s portkeys.
I thought so too at first.
But after spending one day with him,
I knew we weren't.
Why?
Because Tun seems happy when he’s with you.
Can you believe that the only thing he talked about when he was with me was you?
What’s the matter?
Why do you look so serious?
Do you think we’re each other’s portkeys?
Why would you ask that?
It’s Talay.
He believes we’re each other’s portkeys.
Because I told him it felt special when we first met.
I felt you’re special too.
But that specialness was just a surprise that you’re someone I know.
It’s like when you run into your friend when you’re abroad.
Something like that.
Same here.
I just don’t know how to explain this to Talay.
He wants us to spend more time together.
For what?
For me to go home as soon as possible.
I don’t want things to go this way.
I want him to smile like he used to do.
Smile for every little thing.
Smile like he did before.
Because Talay’s smile is your smile, Puen.
You have no idea you always smile when you talk about him.
It’s the smile I’ve never seen whether it’s when you’re Puen or you’re with other people.
Smiles don’t lie.
When I saw Tun looking happier,
I wanted it too.
Someone who makes me smile every day.
If I ever find that person and we go back together, that’d be so nice.
I’m sure you’ll find that person.
I believe so.
If you ask me,
I think Tun is your portkey.
Thank you so much for today.
Sorry to bother you. I couldn’t find a helper in time.
You missed the movie with your friends, didn’t you?
That’s totally fine. Happy to help.
Wow!
Nice colors.
There are blue, orange, light blue, and pink.
What should I call this tone of color?
Talay.
Sea Palette.
Hey!
No.
I mean, don't you get into the habit of naming Pantone after Talay?
Of course, there’s only one person with this weird habit.
You know what?
If you unknowingly adopt a habit from someone close,
it suggests you like that habit.
Bye now.
See you.
I can feel Tun is thinking the same thing.
Aou, are you with Tun?
I can’t reach him.
(Me neither.)
(This morning your brother Tanin called and told us the news.)
(Tun rushed out.)
(He said he’d talk to your dad.)
(He won’t pick up my calls.)
Okay.
I need to hang up now.
Let me through.
Don’t you get it? You can’t go inside.
Don’t do this.
I’ll do anything with you.
Whatever you do.
If you’re making a movie, I’m making a movie.
Let me in.
You can’t.
Let me through.
I’ve been waiting all day.
I said you can’t.
Why don’t you get it?
Do as I said.
Go home if you don’t want to get hurt.
Because I know movies are what you want to do the most, Talay.
Why are you doing this?
Why?
Just because I want to make movies.
So you’ve gone out of your way to do this.
Because it’s the only thing I get to do with you.
Why are you so attached to me?
Because I believe
you’re my portkey.
The only reason I spent time with Pang is that I wanted you to be happy.
That night, why did you…?
This time,
I can kiss you, can’t I?
Are you asking me or asking yourself?
Because I didn’t know if you’re gonna let me love you.
I want us to be each other’s portkeys.
I don’t want you to look for anyone else.
Please don’t ask me to leave you again,
Talay.
I’m sorry.
We even made a promise.
(We will go back together.)
I will go back with you.
Directed by Nuttapong Mongkolsawas
Chang has a series project until next year.
We have no directors.
I’ll show you my directing skills.
Let’s suppose this is a scene where you’re thinking of someone you like.
My brother sent me a contact of someone.
He just graduated from abroad.
He’s definitely asking you on a date.
I don’t like people for their appearances.
I've never even seen your real face,
yet I like you.